---
layout: post
title: New Blog
categories: [general]
tags: [blog, goals]
---

######About the Blog
So it's the beginning of a new year, and the end of an old one. I figured it was a good time to dust off the blog, and in the process of doing so... accidentally delete the entire thing. Important lessons to be learnt here
1. Version Control is important
2. Write more frequently so that it becomes habit

The plan going forward is that this is will be a place to scribble down my thoughts, notes, and some snippets of code pertaining to pet projects or thesis related research.

######Goals for the New Year
I've been told by others it's about time for me to start "working on myself", (I abhore that phrase simply for the connotation it carries in my mind of engaging in selfish behaviour to the detriment of others) but they're right, it is time for me to place some focus and structure on how I want to proceed with the new year. 2015 is going to be a big year, between my research, applying for a Master's, and travelling, I want a place to document what I've done and how I planned to do it.

Without further ado, general goals:

1. Weekly participation in more writing challenges, whether it be through reddit's [/r/writingprompts](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/) or through [/r/dailyprogrammer](https://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer)
2. Training for a long distance thru-hike
3. Exploring hobbies I dropped without really placing any closure on them, e.g. sketching, guitar, and digital painting
4. Similar to Goodread's reading challenge, I'm going to have a Github repo challenge of 10 new repos of tools relating to pet projects or research.

Why blog? Maybe I'll find an answer to that as I go along, for now it's here as my long-term memory.
